Create app-check-exp (#4888)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: packages-exp/app-check-exp/README.md

# @firebase/app-check

> This is the Firebase AppCheck component of the Firebase JS SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the Firebase App Check component of the Firebase JS SDK.
```

> **This package is not intended for direct usage, and should only be used via the officially supported [firebase](https://www.npmjs.com/package/firebase) package.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This package is not intended for direct usage, and should only be used via the officially supported [`firebase`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/firebase) package.**
```
